fixes #325 by updating references to The Notary Project (#327)
notaryproject/notaryproject.dev: content/en/docs/tutorials/trust-policy.md

weight: 1
---

> As part of the process to verify a container image with Notation, you need to configure the trust policy to specify trusted identities that sign the artifacts, and the level of signature verification to use. For more details, see [trust policy spec](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/main/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the process to verify a container image with Notation, you need to configure the trust policy to specify trusted identities that sign the artifacts, and the level of signature verification to use. For more details, see [trust policy spec](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/v1.0.0/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store).
```

Author: fixed

> As part of the process to verify a container image with The Notary Project, you need to configure the trust policy to specify trusted identities that sign the artifacts, and the level of signature verification to use. For more details, see [trust policy spec](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/main/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store).

Reviewer: Notation

Author: fixed.
